I think there's no secret that Juan
Guarniso isn't
exactly my best friend right now, but brother,
man to man, get out of there, get out of
there, you can still save yourself.  You were on
the right track, Juan, don't let me
lose you.  What's up, my kids?  How
are you?  Welcome to the channel once again.
I'm Javi Oliveira.  If you didn't know me, I
invite you to subscribe.  On
this channel you'll find out all the
gossip and rumors on the internet.
And today I have a state of alarm.   We
had a possible black bull in the
ranks who has been lost again, Juan
Guarniso.  It's been over half a year
since I broke the scoop on
Juan Guarniso and Ari Gameplay's breakup and divorce,
and it's the first time
one of Juan's shipments is starting to be taken seriously
.  On this occasion,
TikToker Clar and I
made the decision to get divorced a few weeks ago.  It
was a difficult decision.  Well, I
would like to share with you that Juan and I
are separating.  Hey, I'll tell you the
most important thing.  I'm going to tell you the
most important thing, which is that he and I
are fine, and I think that's
what should matter. Just because the relationship
ended doesn't mean we didn't
work out.  And I think we had
a lot of mutual learning in the
relationship.  I didn't have much of an idea
who this girl was, except for the
occasional glimpse I'd seen of her, but
Clers is a Spanish TikToker who has
collaborated quite a bit with some of
Twitch's so-called elite creators, and who,
according to her own words,
previously worked as a
content moderator.  By the way, she
also, according to her own words,
became a content creator on
TikTok on the recommendation of her
psychologist.  Friend, eh, change your
psychologist.  She does a bit of the typical stuff,
TikTok with Spanish humor,
brand collaborations, typical things that
TikTokers do.  Little by little she has
become a medium-sized influencer,
let's say, with quite a few numbers.  In
fact, some of her videos have gone
quite viral, and
you
've probably seen one of her viral videos while browsing TikTok in the bathroom.  I just
ordered a transfus.
Excuse me, one thing, tell me.  Hey, look, I didn't
mean to say it like that, but you're going to have to
leave because
people with such big asses can't gather in this bar.   I'm
sorry, eh, I swear.  No, yes,
my boss who's watching you
from inside told me.  It's realistic.
If you can get out of that chair with
that ass, you can I think I'm
stuck.  I only had one
responsibility.  My sister told me, "You
can stay in my apartment, but you have to
take care of a plant for me."  This is the
plant I've been taking care of.  Looks
good, doesn't it?  Alive, hydrated.  It's made of
plastic.  This is the plant I was supposed to be
taking care of.  I thought I
was doing my job well.  I didn't
see a dead plant on top of the
shelf.  I only saw mine with
a lot of life and joy because it's made of
plastic.  I couldn't screw that up.
If the plastic one dies on me.  Don't give me
responsibilities.  Thank you.  Hey, let's see, let's
see.  I don't know if you're all
disappointed with these viral videos, but
yeah, sometimes life is like that.
That's basically what happens on the internet, eh,
people find very strange and weird things funny
and when they get into someone's head, they
usually make it go viral.  Lingang gully guli
guli.  No, do your own flip flop flipop.
Yeah, but do the beatbox and I'll sing them for
flop.  What sounds when I walk is
looking at stops you do it very wrong.  Clap,
clap, break.  But hey, humor is
like [ __ ], everyone has their own.
I personally have
always thought that people go viral
and contribute based on ideologies or
sympathies, like for example when
David Broncano's revolt premiered
and all this time he was with that
Rify Raffe, right?  With Pablo Moto,
the revolt even managed to surpass the
audience by a hair, but surpass the
anthill itself.  And
suddenly, when things have
slackened, the audiences are no longer
the same and are not even close to the
audiences of the anthill.  By the way,
speaking of the anthill, wow, I
've caused Princess a lot of trouble with my clips.
Dry.  Watch this video of a
Madrid-based streamer disappointed to learn that
Seville doesn't have a beach.  Look, well
, and not only that, but then it will
also end because she thought the
Guadalquivir was the name of an
autonomous community.  So please
watch it and tell me your honest opinion of what you
think of Sincera, yes.  Enjoy.
Seville does not have a beach.  Seville has a
beach.  What are you saying?  What do you mean
without a beach?  Seville has a beach.  No, I
got an apartment in Seville thinking
that, well, if they don't invite me to the
party, at least I can go to the
beach, and it doesn't have a beach.  You're
trolling me.  But if it's in Andalusia,
how could it not have a beach?  Let's see, it does
have a beach.  I mean, where
is Seville Capital?  Seville Capital
is here.  I mean, I mean, this is a
bit of a beach, right?  Poor thing, between the
decision she made when she found out
Seville doesn't have a beach and the fact that
we made it viral with one click of my live stream
, I owe her at least a tapa in
Plaza Cuba.  But anyway,
back to the topic of these
people's humor, I personally think
I would laugh more if I ran into HPL
Shaffer flirting in a club for
adults than at
these people's jokes.  By the way, her friend Capa,
wanting to take advantage of the virality
of the topic and the stir it's
generating, and also seeing the views
that Cler herself got the other day on
TikTok with her explanatory video, didn't
want to miss the opportunity to
record a video and get some
views, you know how.  The typical thing he
does, pretending to be a moralist.
We can talk about how pathetic
people are who are obsessed with
streamer relationships, man.  How
dare Juan Juanito, my
favorite streamer, who had a relationship with Juan
Juanita?  and they have broken up.  How dare you
meet someone else?  How
dare you?  Why do you care so much?  I
mean, do you realize how weird it
looks from the outside?  It's not like you
go into the comments and people
write paragraphs giving their opinion as
if it were a newspaper article.
Honestly, I think Juanito Juan
isn't doing very well.  You should
wait a little longer to meet
someone else.  But who are you?
How old are you?  Because if you're
over 12 and you're taking
the relationship with the streamer, Juan,
Juanito, Pepe or whoever that seriously, man,
please find a hobby.  2025, uh, year
2025. Seriously, I say start
publicly pointing out and ridiculing
people who take themselves too seriously in
streamer relationships.  I'm sick
of these toxic people being
treated like BBB on the internet, it's the
fandom, leave the fandom, let the fandom eat my
balls, I'm telling you.   I
mean, it's very normal to be
obsessed with streamer relationships
and it's not normal.  We have to start
saying it like it is.  You guys are weird.  You guys are weird.
You have a problem.  You are No, I mean, it
's not normal.  It's not normal that you care
so much.  Please go outside.  Capa,
the tiktoker who, in order to join the
mobs, has been spending hours and hours
both on the phone and on Discord
talking to Dallas' followers
simply because they had promised to have
had some kind of relationship with
him or chat with him or contact with him and
who even took advantage of the
repercussions by wanting to jump on the bandwagon
in one of the debates
I was having with Ricky Eddie, the youtuber
accused of gender violence, due to
a complaint from his ex, was
spamming me on DM trying to get me to
upload it when it had nothing to do with
the debate.  But anyway, leaving this
nonsense aside, I have to tell you
that we have found gold.  Get
comfortable and stay until the end of the
video because I'm going to show you some
diamonds we found that
nobody has commented on, I understand
because almost nobody has seen them.
There's an online show
called Group Therapy that airs on
Twitch, but I've also re-uploaded it to
YouTube on the Bermud channel.  It's a channel
and it's a program that I think must
be from some IB company or something
like that because the production it has is not normal
and not only
the production it has, there's
investment behind it, the whole
Tener story that I invented and it's like I'm
letting out a little bit of, eh,
very good alcoholic.  People act like
that
and I wanted to more or less make a
story mixing several things.
[Music]
but also the guests that
Ibai has, Bisarra, Juan Guarniso, he's been there
a couple of times, Abi and well, also
other singers and other guests that
honestly aren't easy to
get, so I understand that this
is either subsidized by Pedro Snchez or it
's the typical thing that has a
network behind it, the company Dibai or something
like that.  In fact, apart from Clars, it
is presented by Riobo.  In fact, you
probably won't get any visitors because of that.  And
honestly, it's a shame that
no one sees this, because it's content, as I
'm telling you, no one has seen it
.  There are hardly any videos that have 100,
150, 400 views where there are guests
like, for example, Gemita, who have surely
dropped gold there.  But anyway, I
came here today to criticize Clers,
Juan Guarniso's new confirmed dream
.  Here's a photo that was
posted a little while ago while I
was recording this video in Cancun. They're
both currently
traveling in Cancun.  Well, it turns out
that just a few weeks ago Clairs
had no [ __ ] idea who Juan
Guarniso was.  In fact, he ignored him and
even spoke of him somewhat with contempt.  The
other day I made a post about
streamer stuff, I asked you, Juan Guarnizo,
you didn't even know his name.  And that person
has 12 million followers on
Twitch alone.  That is, across all
platforms it has 50 million followers.
I say it to anyone, no, to
anyone in my circle.  Nobody
knows who this man is.  Nobody, nobody
of my friends, no, only my friends, I
swear.  Look, I'm going to ask it in
the chat.
Guys, in the first programs
you said you didn't know DJ Mario,
but in that universe, I do
know who DJ Mario is.  DJ Mario is very
famous.  He is very famous.  He is very famous.
But when famous among men, of course.
No, guys, my friends don't know
who DJ Mario is either.  He is famous among
men.  You are fifers.  people who
are famous are three women and I don't
know and I don't consider them to be
famous, but not at this level of famous
because women who are only among
women don't reach that many people.  I am
sexist.  Well, that's it, isn't it?  I am
sexist.  Yes it's true.  That is,
men who are only famous among
men will be able to go further than
women who are only famous among
women.  And it was at this exact
moment in my life that I realized two
things.  One, because this program is not
successful.  That is, men who are only
famous among men will be able to go
further than women who are only
famous among women.  Go walk, go Brock
and two Juan Guarniso.  Save yourself, [ __ ],
save yourself.  No, not my friend.  And we are
facing a potential AI.  It's
so interesting that men are
silent.  Yeah, look, hey, we could
try this.  In fact, it could be
a 2-minute silent men's section
to make up for all the
patriarchy we've lived with our whole
lives.  Claire is probably complaining about the
patriarchy because her podcast has no
viewers, even though podcasts like
Jordi Wild's are among the most-
watched on the planet.  No, I see Clash
stuck against something non-physical.  Against against
against that a yoyo no I don't know.
Clers against the heteropatriarchy or something like that,
you know?  I don't know.  Someone who represents
Jordi Wild, I don't know.  Roma Gallardo,
Gallardo, I see something like that in you, right?  And be
very careful if you're someone
watching this video and voted for Trump,
because this is what the TikToker thinks
about you.  I think the areas of the United States
where Trump voted are more because they
think they don't know where Spain is, you
know?  Well thrown, well thrown.  It
's already clip funarla.  Well, let's see, here
people,
people here in Spain don't give a
damn.  However, this girl who
claims that Juan Guarnizo wasn't famous
has gone from having good views on
TikTok, to much better views
on TikTok now that she's involved with
this famous person.  And on TikTok,
anyone has followers.
Coincidences and whims of fate.  The
day Juan Guarniso stepped onto the set of
his show, which incidentally is also
one of the shows that had some hits on
March 11, which surely caught
him with a hangover from March 8.  Yeah, you know
how allies are, when
they're doing a job they need their
rest, damn it.  And two or three days
later, on March 14th to be exact,
the photo of her dancing with Juan
Guarniso in a nightclub went viral.
30 o'clock 12 o'clock I don't have it on I don't call.
[Music] I
don't know if you believe in
coincidence, but now after
that video went viral, Ari Gameplay,
Juan Warnison's ex-wife, uploaded a
story that I re-uploaded at the time on my
Twitter in which she stated that she was
very stressed and anxious about what was
coming.  I tell you that I am a
very peaceful person, I really don't get
stressed out much, I am very calm, but
lately I don't know what's happening to me.  My body
is reacting to a lot of
things.  I've brought anxiety,
I've literally slept with anxiety for 2 days,
which doesn't usually happen to me.  My
stomach is in [ __ ].  When I
get stressed, I literally fall back into
my stomach, and now my stomach is so upset I ca
n't hold it.  There's a war going on
in there and nothing, mm, like I wanted to
take it out on someone.
But it's true that I
understand that Ari is about to launch
his musical career and that apparently what he's
going to do now is sing like Jerima
and Mar Lucas, but it's true that I
don't believe in coincidences and damn, what a
coincidence, right?  Let him publish that that
same day.  You already know that we've been
commenting on some occasions when Ari
likes
Juan's Twitch post about his slightly suspicious flirting, but
you're really working hard at this one, let's see, you can
do it, right?  But you work hard for this like,
and look at that, there's another
random account in front of it, right?  And he
did it perfectly.  I don't know, honestly, I
think it's not a lie, I think
she's lying now.  Eh,
my opinion, eh, my opinion.  I think
Ari is lying right now.
The capture looks too good to me, doesn't it?  That
is, a capture in which I also put
another one here, do you understand?  I mean, it's not
a screenshot that I just take and say
Ari Gameplay I like, but
the other person shows up here, you know?  There was no
reason for it, I don't know if it's a
fake capture, they've worked hard on it, they've
taken care of these details, it
's not nonsense, maybe you're going to
tell me, but I think Ari is
lying here and he said something to the
person on the account.  He said something to the
account owner and said, "Well, I'm going
to say it's a lie because you're
getting me into trouble. I liked you and I don't
know what four is. No one can
confirm for me if the tweet exists."  Look,
this can't be verified either.
We'll never prove it.  The most we
can know is if the tweet exists, and
if the tweet exists, the truth is that
I see it, I see it, if the tweet exists, I see it now.
If the tweet exists and it's from the account
that she follows, I see very little
chance that what
Ari is saying now is true.  As my grandfather used to say
, you should never trust a woman, much
less Ari Gameplay.  Your grandfather
was crazy.  Two days after that
TikTok, Claire uploaded the
following video, a video complaining about
the comments she was receiving,
according to her, because people were
comparing them.  And basically he made a
video to say nothing but get 5
million views.  Well, I came to say
something, but I don't want to give it more
importance than it deserves, so
we'll leave it here.  My community has always
been a very safe place,
everything has been great, nothing bad has ever happened
, I don't want
people who don't even know me to start coming now,
comparing me and trying to make me feel
insecure because otherwise I do
n't understand why you would make those kinds of
comments.  I think these are things that don't
affect me and I don't deserve them, and I don't understand
how you can hate me if you don't
even know who I am.  You have even
thrown such outrageous things in my face.  If you
could leave me alone, I'd appreciate it.
So, I know a lot of people won't
understand this video, but
hey, the people who need to
understand it should understand it.  Nothing,
okay, here we go again.  Mm,
all good and a kiss, I guess.  Thank you.
My opinion on that video that was
testing the waters to see if it would
work to avoid controversy.  Two
days after that TikTok, he traveled to
Mexico and is currently
filming a series in Cancun,
a series on TikTok, okay?  Don't you believe it's
Netflix where the cameraman
is clearly Juan Warnison?  People on
Twitter have found out, even at the
hotel they are in and one of the videos is
her wearing a Mexican hat shouting
Viva Mexico.  Long live Mexico,
[ __ ].  Our finest was
serious.  I've had people get me
excited, I've had people
abandon me.  It has already happened to me on my side.
Okay, everyone, I'm in Cancun and I'm going to
show you my hotel room where
I'm alone.  The receptionist is recording me
.  Hello.  My
shaving colognes.  Well, the girl
has to do what she has to do.
This is the bathtub.  Well, the shower.
Okay.  Look, the cameraman is going on his
own.  Camera, can you follow me?  I
mean, I should open it myself.  Oh, they
left this to me, didn't they?  You.
Receptionism.  My hat.  Okay, let's
follow the vog with the hat on the
bed like that.  Well, here comes the best
part.  That's it.  That's all.  I saw
Mexico.  Thank you.  The cameraman
cut me off.  I've been in this life for many years
.  I'm practically your
love advisor, and I've also been
around the internet for a long time, and I've
also been commenting on
gossip and the tabloids for a long time.  I know
perfectly well, I can recognize from a distance
when a person is creating
content or letting themselves be liked to
generate buzz, to generate sips,
to make whatever they have go viral
.  They may very well be getting
to know each other.  I think it's [ __ ]
great.  Of course.  Well, it's not that I have to
think it's a [ __ ] great thing, it's that I
have to not care.  It's just that we
are not the ones to think it's good or bad,
to give an opinion, or even to assess whether it
's better or worse, whether it should be done or not
.  I mean, what does it matter?  They are two
adults who are getting to know each other
and are having this relationship.
Now, what is the need?  I
mean, why do people need to
know?  It's not like you have to hide it
either, but this kind of TikTok where
what I'm basically telling you
is that I'm with Juan in a
room is completely unnecessary.  The
only purpose of this TikTok is to
let you know that I'm with Juan in this
room.  Twitter click,
TikTok clip, videos on Javi Oliveira.  There are a
lot of people who think they're
marrying each other, but
I personally believe that fame and
followers and TikTok views don't
represent real fame.  It's very
difficult for a person who is known
on all the networks, on YouTube, on
Twitter, to be known
on TikTok.  The Kosco down there, on
the street at the end of my neighborhood, has a
ton of views posting TikToks of
how kids come to buy
candy from her.  Coscu vs. Dallas.  Oh,
someone against Dallas, yeah, uh, I'd
like that.  No, I'm... Uy, eh, no, no.
What's it called?  Capa vs. Dallas.  Capa
vs. Dallas.  Wismichu vs. Dallas.   I
'd love to.  Well yes, that is
impossible, but things that are possible.
Enaria.  Of course, as you can see, she also
knows very well how gossip works and
how gossip channels work.
Well, in fact, regarding the last thing you
said about a fight between Winmichu and
Dallas, which wouldn't be possible because
they have a real enmity,
your new guy actually rejected the possibility of
fighting Dallas for precisely the
same reason.  Fight with Dallas, I have no
idea how tall Dallas is and the same, there's
no good vibes.  And I wouldn't argue with
someone with whom there wasn't a good vibe,
who wasn't a really good friend of mine, but with whom there wasn't any
bad vibes either.  But anyway, I
think the most important clip in this
video, and the one that will have us all
clutching our heads, especially
considering the context of
Juan Warniso's story, is going to be
the next one.  Clers, support that if
one day you suddenly decide to
kiss a friend on the mouth or
whatever by mistake, because you get drunk by
mistake or whatever, it would be good that it would be
cheating, but it would be forgivable.  In
some cases, if your partner is
unfaithful, they deserve a second chance.   [ __ ]
.  [ __ ].  Depends.  I was going
to say yes.  Yes. I'm Rio, Rio and
Paula.  Paula one day, eh, for whatever reason,
goes out, gets really drunk, hooks up
with someone, just hooks up and such balls that
a person who loves you doesn't
even think about the thought that if you
forgive one mistake, there's another
.  Maybe you've been
ignoring her for a month because you're feeling bad at
work, everything's bad, I don't know what.
So you leave it.  Well, because maybe you
don't want to leave him and he'll go crazy
one day because we're human.  What does it
mean?  That every time I don't give you
attention for a month you're going to hook up
with someone else.  They are human errors,
literally.  Mistakes, like horns, are
not forgiven.  But what is the river going to do
?  Leaving Paula, who is the love of his
life, because he made a mistake one night
.  I would forgive a kiss
, but no problem.  You
forgive him.  I mean, we don't have an
open relationship, but you don't mind blowing
kisses to third parties.  If Paula kisses
someone one day in a nightclub, I don't care
.  I've been with a guy for 10 years,
I'm super, super in love, it's
really hard for me, he screws up one night, he
tells me he's really sorry, he
shows it to me, I don't know what.  But of course, let's see,
I was cheated on, eh, I didn't
forgive him, I left him, then I got back with that
person, he was the best boyfriend in the world, I
ended up leaving him for whatever reason and
but that person, I knew that he was never going to cheat on me again
in my life.  But that man cheated on you
, I mean, neither men nor
men, just cheating.  He would never have cheated on me again
.  Look,
in this reaction I would have put it 100%
after he put it or maybe he cheated on you
and you didn't know it.  No, Sofia,
that person would never have cheated on me again
in my life.  But
let's set this limit that we have clear
that if one day it happens it's not a
sudden thing of saying, damn, I
've hooked up with someone.  In case
the phrase ever happens, because it can happen, it can't
happen.  We're all [ __ ],
but there are things that are more worth it,
like loving that person so much and being
so well that you're not going to tell them to
[ __ ] off for something they're
so sorry they won't
do again.  But I'm referring to a
monogamous relationship.  Me too.  But
let's see, we agree that it
's not the same if you're
drunk at a club and you're making out with
someone. I think
flirting on WhatsApp is much more like cheating than making out.
Me too.  Completely.  That's what
I mean.  If you get a peck one day,
what?  Mother of beautiful love.  I mean,
how do you have to be for Abi to be
the one who's putting a little bit of
sanity into you and contradicting you?   It should
also be noted that there
was not 10 million on the table.  You
know what I would never do even if they
paid me millions of dollars.
Cuckolding chat for 10 million.  Oh,
what a son of a [ __ ].  And cut out the part where
I say, hey, you'd cheat on me.  It
makes it sound like I'm saying I would
put in euros.  You wouldn't cheat on him. It's just
how you like it, how you
like it, right?  Take the information and
cut it as you please.  Okay,
I would ask you to do it and
do it five times.  You decide 50
million.  It seems to me something that I don't care about
.  I know that just because you [ __ ] someone you're not going to
want to go with them.  You are
buying your loyalty.  The problem is not
only the horns.  If I'm on time, my
skirt sweats.  It's for 10 million
too.  But Abi, answer the
question now.  Of course I still think the
same.  We are crazy.  If the relationship
ended anyway, at least I'd
have 5 billion euros in the bank right now.
Are you guys stupid or what?  Touch your
dick.  I left with a broken heart and
the same amount of money in the bank.  Well,
at least I would have five million, something like that.
I buy a mansion, my little car, I
start crying in the limo like
crazy.  It's that psychologist three months of
couple doing because to me she doesn't deserve
for quite some time she was
criticizing the cheating, how
bad it was to cheat on
people and she was quite criticizing
being unfaithful, that she said that she would
do exactly the same thing that she had
been criticizing for quite some
time.  I mean, because the 10 million, I
mean, we're already talking about infidelity, I hide the 10
million, right?  Like, I
was talking about cheating and more,
you would cheat.  The 10 million.
The concept of 10 million
is really just an insignificant addition to
cheating.  But hey, Juan, I don't
want to take away your hopes, but
if what you just saw isn't
enough for you, isn't enough Red
Flag, get ready for what I'm going to
show you now.  It's no secret that
Ari Gameplay was dedicated to and was one of
the controversial things in the couple's
Hot content, an Only Fan.  Well, it wasn't
really Only Fan, but it was
exactly the same.  It was My Prip, which
is the same as Only Fan, except that it was
run, if I'm not mistaken, by Wifere,
which was a WFE company.  Basically I
uploaded erotic content.  I consider it
more than erotic.  Uh, you know,
well, for work reasons, I promise,
for work reasons, so I know what
I'm talking about, I've checked out the
leaked content out there and it
literally looks like pornography to me.   I
mean, I think there are a lot of girls who
make erotic content on Patreon or
Holly Fam, but Ari's, I think it
was kind of, well, not
quite pornography.  Amur's, that one
is pornography because there are
penetrations and there are
direct gropings and so on, but
Ari's was very, very close, right?  I
mean, Ari was missing almost nothing, huh?  But
well, I don't know, it doesn't matter.  It is
true that Ari never confirmed that Juan
Guarniso directly asked him to
delete the LANs and stop doing it,
but I think it was more than obvious that
Juan did not feel comfortable and that he
really could not get over the fact that his wife was
doing that, although because of how savvy she
was, she tried to say yes,
that it was something he had overcome, that he
managed it well, but the truth is
that he did not.  Time to check out the redit, but
let's see quickly.  You sleep well knowing
your wife is a sex object, these
chat room jerks are jerking her off.  and your pack is
free online.   I
sleep, I sleep well in a bed that is most
likely much more expensive than yours,
much more comfortable, in a house much
nicer than
yours, with a wife much prettier than
yours and a family much nicer than
yours.  Full stop.  Ari always
said that he quit because of the criticism and the
hesitation he received and that it was a decision between
the two of them.  But well, I think the
criticism could have affected him the most in
that sense because they
criticized him for his relative
having that.  I haven't been here for two weeks, I've
been here for a few years, and they had me
there to ask me, "Hey, does anyone
have an Only Fans Prip? What do you
think?"  No, well this, this, this.  I
kept repeating the same thing like copy paste, you
know?  It was a topic that I was already
tired of, the fact that they had to keep
inserting the question every time they asked me something
.  Fortunately, that's
over now, that era is over, and
the shitty little question is gone.  But I do
understand that maybe right now people are
saying, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, I would quit."  But I do
know that not all couples could
handle those things and there is a lot to
talk about.  I've talked about it with Ari a few times,
like if we could have
skipped that decision and that
cover, I think we both would have
done it.  I think it was for the best.  As I
was saying, I think it's more than
obvious that he hadn't gotten over it.  I
could go on for a long time, but that's not the
point of the video.  I do not agree.
I mean, I don't agree.  I
completely respect people who do
that.  They are doing what
they want, what they like, what they
feel comfortable with.  No, they are not
hurting anyone.  That's it, isn't it?   They are
literally not hurting
anyone.  If you're not hurting
anyone, you can't be doing anything
wrong.  But it is true that I couldn't
stand a partner, I mean, I couldn't
stand having a partner who
did that.  I consider that there are
intimacies that are only for me and
for me to enjoy and not for my
neighbor to buy for 3. But well,
as I tell you, I mean, it's a
personal opinion and surely many of you who
are watching this video will say that it doesn't
matter and you will think that it's
okay, right?, to share that intimacy.  I
mean, it doesn't seem like it to me, but well,
not only that, but it's
impossible to control that there are people who,
well, that there are even more people than those who
pay for it, who get it for free and
that tomorrow you have children or
have any family member who will
receive your content and how uncomfortable, right?
But hey, they're opinions, eh?  I mean,
tell me in the comments box if you
agree or not, but I think
it's more than obvious that in this case,
I remember that I also told Ari because of
the criticism not to give up on what she
wanted to do and something that gave her so much
money because of the criticism, but it was more
than obvious that Juan wasn't comfortable there, he had
n't gotten over that, it was noticeable, he
wanted to normalize it so as not to
act like he was old-fashioned or to not
contradict Aria, but no, no.
Well, get ready, Juan, because
according to your new illusion, what you have
would be a Yados Panza mentality.  Belly,
belly.  It's toxic to make someone take down
something they've posted on social media
because it bothers you.  Toxic, I mean,
obviously things that you show your
body and I don't know what you're ultra toxic, you
know?  Hooking up with No, of course, but he's
referring to, I guess, things more
like showing your body or whatever,
right?  Exact.  Ex another person tells you.  I
know many people who have been told
that.  Yes, seriously, their partners.  Man,
then there are the typical
calls, which are like if you upload a photo where your
body is visible a bit, it's because
you want men to answer you.
So, of course, there is a lot of "I"
mentality.  Of course, there are
mentalities that we also have to avoid,
right?  Because if a person Yes, then they
are a plague, right?  Just do it.
Well, let's see, so Juan, my son,
lead foot.  Okay, the story of the
divorced Juan Guarniso has had its fair share of
ups and downs.  The truth is that we've had
changes in him that have been like a roller coaster, and not
just because of his physical appearance, which
everyone applauded, because the truth
is that he apparently is much
more handsome, and it seems that it has suited him
well, honestly.  You can see it's
coming out, coming in, right?  There are times when he
looks sad too.  At first I
was constantly trying to stop
the Hey para Ari comments.  It's really
not cool to come across comments that
are going crazy.  He is
completely devastated.  Sad little eyes.   I'm
telling you in a good way, I'm
putting a lot of effort into it
precisely so I don't feel bad.  I'm
a little discouraged by people who literally
diagnose or conclude how
you feel based on stupid things.  I mean,
obviously telling you that I'm
fine would be lying to you, because if I don't
tell you that I've read some really
nasty comments about Ari and just like I mentioned
that day and I mentioned it again later in
my Insta stories, oh no, in the
Insta broadcast group, I don't like
my name or this situation being used
to throw [ __ ] at her.  He then clarified
that he would not be in a relationship for years.  I
'm not in a relationship, I don't want a
relationship, and I don't want a relationship for
years.  Okay?  At this point in my life,
if you ask me when I'll
see myself in a relationship again, I'll tell you it will
literally be years away.  I want to live alone for a long
time.  To start doing
exactly what we all thought
Ari would do.  Your social networks Juan Nes
guarnizo and so on.  Okay, perfect.  I like
this.
Hello, I'm Milica.  I have to say
my age everything.  Ah, okay, okay.
Only the information you seek is to be
shared.  Kim's Laana possible.  Very very
pretty, incredible.  And it comes from
Argentina.  She said, "There's going to be a
party and she came to my party especially
for that."  Oh, he came from Argentina
especially to my party.
Nothing is being prepared.  Okay.  I'm asking
a question and I answered it, [ __ ].
Drop the knife.  Can you cut into
star shapes?
And I answered you and then you said, "I didn't
see you. That's your problem."  So I
did it.  If you didn't see, what do I do?  Mole,
sauce.  Oh, no way.  Well, son of a
[ __ ].   He
even participated in a
dating show with Juan Guarniso in which he
had up to 20 suitors.  Come on,
if Ari had done 5% of what
Juan did, we'd probably be
calling her a dirty [ __ ] and all that
stuff.  They would have been super viral, but
since Juan did it, well, it screamed.  The
relationship Ari,
Juan Guarniso's new love interest, has had has been a bit
strange.  The truth is that it has left me with
a lot to think about.  I'm very nervous.
I want to talk to you about something, but
I'm literally so nervous.  I'm
trying to calm down a
little bit because I feel like
I have trouble breathing, and I get
so anxious about talking about
certain things.  Hey, I've stopped giving my opinion
on quite a few things for a long
time.  I also spend less time on
social media for my mental health.  I'm sure it
's a difficult process for both sides
, and it hasn't been easy for either of them
.  Uh, but what I
can tell you is that we all go through
very different processes and I want to tell you
that I'm fine.  Hey, we've gone our
separate ways, and I'm always going to
wish him the best, that he's happy, that he
's happy, he makes me happy.  And so,
at the end of the day, our paths
have already separated and we both want to
live, we both deserve to be happy and to
continue with our lives.  So,
calm down, calm down, I'm
fine.  Okay, I wanted to clarify that.  I don't know if
you agree with me, but I
'm fine with that.  The truth is that it sounds a
bit strange and Ari's attitude, her
body language, well, I'm not Marifer
Centeno, but it seems suspicious to me.  I
really believe that she, eh, and look
at this tweet, for example, that they
published so accurately, where they compare her
attitude and how she looked, right?,
just when she was getting divorced
versus how she looks now that Juan
Guarniso is rebuilding his life.  There are
many people who think this is
because Ari is now realizing
what he has lost, but well, for
now it would only be speculation.
Yes, it is true that there have been several
suspicious things.  At the beginning of the
video I put that thing about the likes in which
Ari was giving likes to Twist that
talked about how Juan quickly
flirted with other girls when he got
divorced.  I don't know the truth.  Also the
other day he posted this TikTok where he
sang, "Do you want to make me a dude?"  And
I am this.  And down in the
video description it says, and that's why I didn't leave
anyone out.  The expression acerway is a
colloquial form in Spanish that can
mean to mock someone,
hurt them, or betray them.  In this context, it
could be interpreted as Ari feeling
that someone, possibly her ex, is
hurting her emotionally by moving forward with
a new relationship so soon after
their separation.  The phrase "I am this,"
accompanied by her melancholic expression and
the drill near her head, could
symbolize that she feels emotionally broken or
perforated, which some
fans related to the pain of seeing
her ex as someone else.
Emotionally and physically pierced when
we asked Gregory what he had
done.  Today I actually deleted a TikTok
because I didn't like the comments.
Besides, I don't understand why they're making a fuss
about a TikTok that's trending right now, and I
said, "Oh, look, no."  I, I, I read
a lot of comments like they weren't right and I
said and I deleted it or I don't know if I have another
different TikTok and I get other
things than other people, but let them
eat dirt, right?  Well,
look, I really don't want any trouble.  They
already get me into trouble when I
'm not even involved.  Yeah, but I still feel like
, like, everyone's making their own
content, right?  I don't like feeling like
I have to limit myself, but,
well, maybe now is the time to
limit myself.  I feel like many of
you are pigeonholed by other
people who have nothing to do with you, people who are
n't even here in the chat
and aren't that interested in my day-to-day life
and who only comment on what they want to
comment on social media.  But
really, babies, don't worry.
Fighting with people who want to fight
is awesome.  I mean, really, no matter how much you
explain, no matter how much, no matter
what, literally if
I come here, sit here, explain, and give
a lecture and really explain
things in this way, the people
who want to fight will fight, nothing will
change, I swear.  And the truth is, Ari has already
made some very obvious innuendos on his
TikTok account, only to delete them,
claiming he wasn't after anyone and
was just making a fuss.  The
blame, or part of the blame in my opinion, will
lie with your hints.  There you have it,
okay?  Something that has already happened on several
occasions since the divorce was made public
.  Here is another example.  I fell in love with the one I
didn't want to fall in love with, and I
forgot about the one I was in love with.  and it's not
the first time he's had to
give explanations.  You can imagine
anything, you can literally
imagine a story from my life with
any song, whatever it is about.  I
mean, if I talk about, I don't know, there are so many
songs, friends, and you
can literally deduce something from any song,
but that doesn't mean I'm going to stop living and I'm
going to stop uploading TikToks and I'm going to
stop listening to songs and I'm going to
stop putting them on because I'm afraid of
what people are going to think or what people are going to
imagine or if people are going to
think it's a hint or if people
think that I don't know what anymore.  I think it's
very obvious, and especially those of us who
work in this field already know a
little about the subject and know how to differentiate
our personal lives from our
media lives.  When you post something on
social media because you want that to be what people
see on social media.  That is to say, when you have
a flirtation with a new illusion, which you
are obviously within your rights to, both
Juan and Claire, but the things they
are publishing are being published
knowing that people are going to make
the clips viral, they are going to comment, Juan's followers
are going to follow Claire, maybe
Claire's followers are also going to
follow Juan Wnison, but above all
he knows what they are doing, it is not as
if they have been caught, that people have
drawn conclusions.  There are
public figures on the planet who are
obliged to announce their engagements,
such as Harry or William, but I do
n't think that's the case with
influencers, as I've already told you, I mean, if
you already have a partner in a more
formal way, right?  And things go on like this, well
, it's normal because you're going to
live with her for many reasons, right?
Because you don't have to hide.
But cases like Gemita's, for
example, where her
intentions when
sharing these posts were incredibly obvious, right?  that
gift that Auron gave her, which by
the way, Gemita has just lost more than
200,000 followers since Auron is no longer
with her.  How bad it turned out.  Auron
has a new partner.  Note that with
the new couple, the vibe is different;
the clear intention isn't clear, it's not like
something more organic.  But anyway, back to what I was
saying, I honestly think Juan should have
learned a little more about this.   I
had a very public personal life
.  I've already experienced that.  It's not a complaint
at all.
This was the way it was decided to do it from the beginning
and it was never a problem for me.  But
now this kind of thing and if I
really were to have something with someone,
believe me, I really wouldn't want it to
be public.  Juan, we had hope
in you.  You were the next gigachat, you
could have become a master
of ceremonies, but my son, when you
get drunk you're like a frog.  Gustavo.
See you, family, in the next
video.  Bye.  Speaking of which, I've
obviously also seen what Juan and
the funa thing they're having right now.  Hey, I'm not
going to get into the nitty-gritty, to be honest.  Son Ari
and Juan are both friends, eh, and I
find all the fuss about that
on social media lately regrettable, to be honest.
But sad to the point of how
incredible everything is, really.  And it's the same
as always, I mean, it's the same as the
people who are actually offended
by Ari or Juan
aren't fans, they just
want to see the world burn and that's it.  The problem
is that the people who follow him, brers,
papurites, don't pay attention to them, dude.
You guys literally fall for the [ __ ]
bait, [ __ ].  I mean, you guys are the
[ __ ] who fly those [ __ ]
tweets because you want to contradict
some [ __ ] you don't even know, and do
n't reply, don't like, don't
share, don't ask for feedback in the
communities, I mean, ignore them, dude.
Seriously, ignore that [ __ ].  In
my community, if someone spreads gossip about
something of mine, I'd delete it in Preguisa
.  I mean, there's no need to pay any
[ __ ] attention to those people, really.